I agree. I am like.
Return to the Dragon Lord, and kill the fool Zhao Zi himself.
Lord, you, don't be helped by this liar now.
His family lives next door to mine.
The poor people in this family cannot afford to learn.
He is the dragon master, haha, the time sharing is still long.
The Zhao family broke through the dust this time,
It must be the Dragon Master's place,
This guy only cut and missed two people.
Our banquet is a group
Become a landlord with your city group
Each gave up 50% of the group's shares.
you are so big
The leader you look down upon
Will it be in the Dragon Clan?
Those who beat you on the day of the return feast
Do you think he is a dragon?
His identity is higher than Mr. Zhao’s blood sister
and head injury were not delivered after
Maybe you agreed without discussing it with us?
It’s only a hundred years since their business family got married to us.
Now it's hard to catch these few big ones
Of course we have to catch it
There's still one day left until the ass is ready to return to work
You have to go back to business before